# ERC4626 Vault: `MetaMorphoV1_1`

## Details
- Reviewed by: @mattpereira
- Checked by: @mkflow27
- Deployed at:
    - [base:0x5A32099837D89E3a794a44fb131CBbAD41f87a8C](https://basescan.org/address/0x5A32099837D89E3a794a44fb131CBbAD41f87a8C#code)
    - [base:0x23479229e52Ab6aaD312D0B03DF9F33B46753B5e](https://basescan.org/address/0x23479229e52Ab6aaD312D0B03DF9F33B46753B5e#code)
- Audit report(s):
    - [Ionic Protocol Audits](https://doc.ionic.money/ionic-documentation/resources/audit)

## Context
A 4626 Vault which wraps underlying tokens in MetaMorpho vaults in order for vault curators to earn liquidity providers additional yield on their assets.

## Review Checklist: Bare Minimum Compatibility
Each of the items below represents an absolute requirement for the Rate Provider. If any of these is unchecked, the Rate Provider is unfit to use.

- [x] Tests based on the [balancer-v3-monorepo](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-monorepo/tree/main/pkg/vault/test/foundry/fork) pass for the given ERC4626 vaults.
- [x] The required Vault implements the required operational ERC4626 Interface

## Review Checklist: Common Findings
Each of the items below represents a common red flag found in Rate Provider contracts.

If none of these is checked, then this might be a pretty great Rate Provider! If any of these is checked, we must thoroughly elaborate on the conditions that lead to the potential issue. Decision points are not binary; a Rate Provider can be safe despite these boxes being checked. A check simply indicates that thorough vetting is required in a specific area, and this vetting should be used to inform a holistic analysis of the Rate Provider.

### Administrative Privileges
- [] The ERC4626 Vault is upgradeable.
    - note: Upgradeability remarks for rate relevant aspects can be found in the corresponding rate provider review.

### Buffer blocklist
- [ ] The reviewed ERC4626 Vault should be added to the blocked buffers metadata list. 

### Common Manipulation Vectors
- [ ] The ERC4626 Vault is susceptible to donation attacks.

## Additional Findings
To save time, we do not bother pointing out low-severity/informational issues or gas optimizations (unless the gas usage is particularly egregious). Instead, we focus only on high- and medium-severity findings which materially impact the contract's functionality and could harm users.

## Conclusion
**Summary judgment: USABLE**
The outlined ERC4626 Vaults should work well with Balancer pools. The Vaults implement the required interfaces with fork tests passing as can be seen [here](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v3-erc4626-tests/pull/14).
