
# Rate Provider: hyUSD₮0(hwHLP) - 11 rate provider

## Details
This report was autogenerated on 29/07/2025.

- Deployed at:
    - [HyperEVM:0x9062a576d3e6cf6999e99e405608063033c4cff6](https://hyperevmscan.io/address/0x9062a576d3e6cf6999e99e405608063033c4cff6)
- Audit report(s):
    - [Hypurrfi audits](https://docs.hypurr.fi/introduction/security)

## Context
HypurrFi is a leveraged lending marketplace for clean leverage loops on Hyperliquid.
It is also the home of $USDXL on Hyperliquid. USDXL is a hybrid backed synthetic dollar where protocol revenue is used to acquire yield bearing assets as additional protocol security.
Use HypurrFi and USDXL to loop into levered lending positions for hyperaccelerated yield while maintaining your spot positions on Hyperliquid native assets including HYPE and stHYPE.

## Review Checklist: Bare Minimum Compatibility
Each of the items below represents an absolute requirement for the Rate Provider. If any of these is unchecked, the Rate Provider is unfit to use.

- [x] Implements the [`IRateProvider`](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/bc3b3fee6e13e01d2efe610ed8118fdb74dfc1f2/pkg/interfaces/contracts/pool-utils/IRateProvider.sol) interface.
- [x] `getRate` returns an 18-decimal fixed point number (i.e., 1 == 1e18) regardless of underlying token decimals.

### Administrative Privileges
- [ ] The Rate Provider is upgradeable** (e.g., via a proxy architecture).
- [ ] Other contracts which are part of the `getRate` callchain are upgradeable**.

## Conclusion
**Summary judgment: USABLE**

** upgradeable in this context means that:
- The contract is a proxy contract with an implementation sourced from Etherscan and the proxy emitted an "Upgraded" event.
    
