
# Rate Provider: MEVCapital USDT0 rate provider

## Details
This report was autogenerated on 29/07/2025.

- Deployed at:
    - [HyperEVM:0x25e1154dc0e4be0b88b4f40164875b033684c39c](https://hyperevmscan.io/address/0x25e1154dc0e4be0b88b4f40164875b033684c39c)
- Audit report(s):
    - [Hyperbeat audits](https://docs.hyperbeat.org/resources/audits)

## Context
Hyperbeat is a Hyperliquid native protocol that exists to scale Hyperliquid and the broader Hyperliquid Ecosystem.
Operating at the intersection of flawless performance and unwavering conviction, we contribute to scaling the people's L1 through:
Liquidity strategies for HyperEVM, Hyperbeat vaults are non-custodial smart contracts optimizing liquidity across the ecosystem by interacting with Hypercore and HyperEVM. The vaults cover a wide spectrum of risk tranches to offer higher base yields through greater capital flexibility and a simplified user experience.
Money markets powered by Morpho to enable lending and borrowing on HyperEVM for all major spot assets.

## Review Checklist: Bare Minimum Compatibility
Each of the items below represents an absolute requirement for the Rate Provider. If any of these is unchecked, the Rate Provider is unfit to use.

- [x] Implements the [`IRateProvider`](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/bc3b3fee6e13e01d2efe610ed8118fdb74dfc1f2/pkg/interfaces/contracts/pool-utils/IRateProvider.sol) interface.
- [x] `getRate` returns an 18-decimal fixed point number (i.e., 1 == 1e18) regardless of underlying token decimals.

### Administrative Privileges
- [ ] The Rate Provider is upgradeable** (e.g., via a proxy architecture).
- [ ] Other contracts which are part of the `getRate` callchain are upgradeable**. You can find more information
   about the involved contracts in this [tenderly simulation](simulating getRate failed.)

## Conclusion
**Summary judgment: USABLE**

** upgradeable in this context means that:
- The contract is a proxy contract with an implementation sourced from Etherscan and the proxy emitted an "Upgraded" event.
    
