
# Rate Provider: ResolvLiquidity Provider Token rate provider

## Details
This report was autogenerated on 22/05/2025.

- Deployed at:
    - [Ethereum:0x4017F109CF5583D68A6E213CC65f609Cd12791E6](https://etherscan.io/address/0x4017F109CF5583D68A6E213CC65f609Cd12791E6)
- Audit report(s):
    - [Resolv audits](https://docs.resolv.xyz/litepaper/resources/security)

## Context
RLP is an ERC20 token representing a share in insurance pool of Resolv where the price is updated by a dedicated off-chain service. These updates are executed through a transaction signing process using Resolv's KMS, which means that the updates are performed by the EOA (external operator account).The fundamental oracle updates the price every 24 hours. The price changes are limited between 0.45% and 0.5%, and there are built-in safeguards to enforce these strict lower and upper bounds. Depending on internal calculations and other factors, multiple price updates may occur within this period.

## Review Checklist: Bare Minimum Compatibility
Each of the items below represents an absolute requirement for the Rate Provider. If any of these is unchecked, the Rate Provider is unfit to use.

- [x] Implements the [`IRateProvider`](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/bc3b3fee6e13e01d2efe610ed8118fdb74dfc1f2/pkg/interfaces/contracts/pool-utils/IRateProvider.sol) interface.
- [x] `getRate` returns an 18-decimal fixed point number (i.e., 1 == 1e18) regardless of underlying token decimals.

### Administrative Privileges
- [ ] The Rate Provider is upgradeable** (e.g., via a proxy architecture).
- [x] Other contracts which are part of the `getRate` callchain are upgradeable**. You can find more information
   about the involved contracts in this [tenderly simulation](https://www.tdly.co/shared/simulation/2417c18d-4056-4a74-abb1-1e9f92b23034)

## Conclusion
**Summary judgment: USABLE**

** upgradeable in this context means that:
- The contract is a proxy contract with an implementation sourced from Etherscan and the proxy emitted an "Upgraded" event.
    
