
# Rate Provider: StakedUTY rate provider

## Details
This report was autogenerated on 18/05/2025.

- Deployed at:
    - [Avalanche:0x6Be2e71238e2000cBA004a38aceA357d14D7e081](https://snowtrace.io/address/0x6Be2e71238e2000cBA004a38aceA357d14D7e081)
- Audit report(s):
    - [XYS audits](https://xsy-1.gitbook.io/xsy-main/audits)

## Context
$UTY, also known as Unity, is a digital synthetic dollar (DSD). Unity is a delta-neutral asset and serves as the synthetic dollar at the center of XSY’s ecosystem of decentralized financial products. 
Whitelisted users can mint $UTY with various assets, starting with AVAX, whic is used to construct the synthetic delta-neutral backing of $UTY. By using $UTY within XSY’s defi partners, like Pharaoh and Euler, users can earn a portion of the rewards available for early $UTY adopters. A synthetically delta-neutral asset is a financial position built using derivatives such that changes in the underlying asset price has little to no effect on the position's overall value. In Unity’s case, It works by splitting the collateral backing the assets into two offsetting positions: 
A long spot holding of the native protocol asset, e.g. AVAX, and 
A short of native protocol asset perpetual future.

## Review Checklist: Bare Minimum Compatibility
Each of the items below represents an absolute requirement for the Rate Provider. If any of these is unchecked, the Rate Provider is unfit to use.

- [x] Implements the [`IRateProvider`](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/bc3b3fee6e13e01d2efe610ed8118fdb74dfc1f2/pkg/interfaces/contracts/pool-utils/IRateProvider.sol) interface.
- [x] `getRate` returns an 18-decimal fixed point number (i.e., 1 == 1e18) regardless of underlying token decimals.

### Administrative Privileges
- [ ] The Rate Provider is upgradeable** (e.g., via a proxy architecture).
- [x] Other contracts which are part of the `getRate` callchain are upgradeable**. You can find more information
   about the involved contracts in this [tenderly simulation](https://www.tdly.co/shared/simulation/3a315674-4ec9-4912-9262-8cd90c5fee60)

## Conclusion
**Summary judgment: USABLE**

** upgradeable in this context means that:
- The contract is a proxy contract with an implementation sourced from Etherscan and the proxy emitted an "Upgraded" event.
    
