
# Rate Provider: StaticHyperLend HyperEVM WHYPE v2 rate provider

## Details
This report was autogenerated on 29/07/2025.

- Deployed at:
    - [HyperEVM:0x0BE761301A2AE19D31860D7AC0c56faC1288E3B6](https://hyperevmscan.io/address/0x0BE761301A2AE19D31860D7AC0c56faC1288E3B6)
- Audit report(s):
    - [Hyperlend audits](<https://hyperlend.finance/security>)

## Context
HyperLend is a decentralized lending platform designed to optimize efficiency in cryptocurrency lending and borrowing. Built on Hyperliquid's EVM blockchain, HyperLend provides secure, transparent, and highly liquid financial services.

Our goal: To become the equivalent of modern banking infrastructure, with better transparency and stronger foundations.

## Review Checklist: Bare Minimum Compatibility
Each of the items below represents an absolute requirement for the Rate Provider. If any of these is unchecked, the Rate Provider is unfit to use.

- [x] Implements the [`IRateProvider`](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/bc3b3fee6e13e01d2efe610ed8118fdb74dfc1f2/pkg/interfaces/contracts/pool-utils/IRateProvider.sol) interface.
- [x] `getRate` returns an 18-decimal fixed point number (i.e., 1 == 1e18) regardless of underlying token decimals.

### Administrative Privileges
- [ ] The Rate Provider is upgradeable** (e.g., via a proxy architecture).
- [x] Other contracts which are part of the `getRate` callchain are upgradeable**. You can find more information
   about the involved contracts in this [tenderly simulation](simulating getRate failed.)

## Conclusion
**Summary judgment: USABLE**

** upgradeable in this context means that:
- The contract is a proxy contract with an implementation sourced from Etherscan and the proxy emitted an "Upgraded" event.
    
