# Rate Provider: `ERC4626RateProvider`

## Details
- Reviewed by: @mkflow27
- Checked by: @danielmkm
- Deployed at:
    - [arbitrum:0x4d494eF5CB1143991F7F767567aD7f55bCfDc279](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x4d494eF5CB1143991F7F767567aD7f55bCfDc279#code)
- Audit report(s):
    - [USDL audits](https://github.com/paxosglobal/ybs-contract/blob/master/audits/REP-final-20240301T145234Z.pdf)

## Context
USDL is a yield-bearing stablecoin that safely distributes yield generated by its cash and cash equivalent reserve assets.

## Review Checklist: Bare Minimum Compatibility
Each of the items below represents an absolute requirement for the Rate Provider. If any of these is unchecked, the Rate Provider is unfit to use.

- [x] Implements the [`IRateProvider`](https://github.com/balancer/balancer-v2-monorepo/blob/bc3b3fee6e13e01d2efe610ed8118fdb74dfc1f2/pkg/interfaces/contracts/pool-utils/IRateProvider.sol) interface.
- [x] `getRate` returns an 18-decimal fixed point number (i.e., 1 == 1e18) regardless of underlying token decimals.

## Review Checklist: Common Findings
Each of the items below represents a common red flag found in Rate Provider contracts.

If none of these is checked, then this might be a pretty great Rate Provider! If any of these is checked, we must thoroughly elaborate on the conditions that lead to the potential issue. Decision points are not binary; a Rate Provider can be safe despite these boxes being checked. A check simply indicates that thorough vetting is required in a specific area, and this vetting should be used to inform a holistic analysis of the Rate Provider.

### Administrative Privileges
- [ ] The Rate Provider is upgradeable (e.g., via a proxy architecture or an `onlyOwner` function that updates the price source address).

- [x] Some other portion of the price pipeline is upgradeable (e.g., the token itself, an oracle, or some piece of a larger system that tracks the price).
    - upgradeable component: `wYBSV1` ([arbitrum:0x7751E2F4b8ae93EF6B79d86419d42FE3295A4559](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x7751E2F4b8ae93EF6B79d86419d42FE3295A4559#readProxyContract))
    - admin address: [arbitrum:0x501aDc5DfBf329175F9C8f036B523cc720d0F9e5](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x501aDc5DfBf329175F9C8f036B523cc720d0F9e5#code)
    - admin type: multisig
        - multisig threshold/signers: 3/20

    - upgradeable component: `YBSV1` ([arbitrum:0x7F850b0aB1988Dd17B69aC564c1E2857949e4dEe](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x7F850b0aB1988Dd17B69aC564c1E2857949e4dEe#code))
    - admin address: [arbitrum:0x0E5087e19EB58e28DDF9F341b550BE6797547BF7](https://arbiscan.io/address/0x0E5087e19EB58e28DDF9F341b550BE6797547BF7#code)
    - admin type: multisig
        - multisig threshold/signers: 3/17
        

### Oracles
- [ ] Price data is provided by an off-chain source (e.g., a Chainlink oracle, a multisig, or a network of nodes).

- [ ] Price data is expected to be volatile (e.g., because it represents an open market price instead of a (mostly) monotonically increasing price).

### Common Manipulation Vectors
- [x] The Rate Provider is susceptible to donation attacks.

The rate providers rate calculation approach is based on dividing totalAssets over totalSupply. With a donation `totalAssets()` can be influenced. The implementation is based on reading the `balanceOf` as can be seen in the below implementation code snippet
```solidity
/** @dev See {IERC4626-totalAssets}. */
function totalAssets() public view virtual override returns (uint256) {
    return _asset.balanceOf(address(this));
}
```

## Additional Findings
To save time, we do not bother pointing out low-severity/informational issues or gas optimizations (unless the gas usage is particularly egregious). Instead, we focus only on high- and medium-severity findings which materially impact the contract's functionality and could harm users.

## Conclusion
**Summary judgment: SAFE**

This rate provider should work well with Balancer pools. The upgradeability mechanism is properly guarded behind a multisig and the rate approach follows one of the industry standards. 
